hello and welcome to another foofy
gaming video and we're going to have a
talk now about the telegraphing system
in wildstar so Rob what can you tell us
about telegraphing well telegraphing
it's a bit of a different way to do
action combat so we've obviously gone
down the other action combat route
enough now for people to kind of be
aware of it with your walls and things
like that but the action combat in
wildstar is a little bit different to
the norm and what it does is when
someone goes for a main attack kind of
something you'd press on your skill bar
or you know whether your clicker or a
button pusher and your ability will be
cast in like an AoE effective where it's
going to affect on the ground or you
know it will basically show a cone or a
strip of red or anything that the attack
is going to go through and this will
give your enemy and you the ability to
dodge out of the way of the the
Telegraph and so that's basically it
really it's a very simple way of showing
dangerous areas on the way it's almost
sort of like a sort of literal expansion
on the whole days of wow move out of the
red circle kind of stuff it's that isn't
it it's the red circle on the ground
outstanding the fire is then standing
the fire and you know when something's
going to happen because it gives you a
little bit of warning like in big boss
fights and that kind of thing yeah yeah
yeahs don't stand in the shadows for
example things are falling from the sky
and my cousin yeah but it's a bit more
dynamic in the sense of it's it's really
playing into the action combat side of
the game isn't it yeah it does it's not
just don't stand in the fire it's it's
more also implemented in the method of
the way the skill shots and things like
that work because that the whole combat
system in wildstar is skill shot base
there's no homing like skills or
anything like that all locked on
targeted thing ya gotta the account you
can tap target you can't have target but
it won't actually help you adjust it
a way of highlighting where the enemies
are yeah so you've actually got an aim
yeah you've actually got to aim so it's
more of a skill-shot like her score shot
would be in Lowell yeah or anything or
just a first person shooter kind of you
know in Barfield three yeah so I mean I
guess the the the the big worry or i
guess a worry of the community or anyone
looking at this game is that perhaps and
from what we've seen in videos
especially the telegraphing system could
arguably be conceived as make a
simplifying combat to the to the level
of just don't stand here stand here and
it's you know it's a little bit too easy
mode but I mean yeah do you think about
that and I was worried about it when I
first saw the videos that came out but
then I realized and that was explained
that actually these levels of these
areas of read a low level so in the
first videos that came out yeah the
first videos that came out and up and
the developers just running around the
kind of first zone and and also it's
basically just like in any other MMO
where your your face with your first
enemies from there absolutely you know
path but easy obviously the end because
they have to be and but what the
developers have said is is that is the
path in you know your and talk obviously
how to see the Telegraph's and use them
and get out the way after that casting
term you know on enemies have reduced
and they don't always do the same skill
as a good few skills and abilities at
enemies have that they try and keep it
varied in and they don't try and keep
you know doing the same thing that you
know exactly is going to happen it or
all that kind of thing and the casting
time as well between you actually seeing
the Telegraph on it happening at the
beginning is really really kind of long
you could literally stand there for a
few seconds and look oh there's a big
red line on the floor certain about the
way yeah it as it goes on it gets
shorter and you know it gets harder mmm
more complicate like there's some big
some dunger dungeon content now on the
rest video if you have a look through
that let's put a link to it in the
description
there's a 30-month 30-month not 31 a
level 30 and dungeon in that with a bit
of a boss fight at the end and obviously
he just going through it so low so he's
got a cheat on and he's basically
killing everything yeah but you're the
boss fights and it shows you some of the
telegraphing and how much more
complicated they can get halfway through
the game nice so yeah I'm not too
concerned about it because I can see
that it could get very complicated and
the beginning stages of it were meant to
be teaching you how to use the systems
but also I mean although it's you know
it's great to see that you know the
enemies can you can see where all that
kind of stuff is and it's also very
useful for your party because and what
they're trying to go for is an instant
way of communicating what you're doing
and so for example if there's a healer
they can cast some kind of air we effect
and because obviously people could see
that being cast in a certain area the
team can move to that area to then get a
heel and before the Telegraph is you
know before the ability hits us to say
so there are loads of different stuff
like that and i'm not sure if they're
going to add comboing in but and it
opens that whole thing up to comboing so
you can you know connect with all
players I know what they're doing with
them they've got a crowd control and
shield system where they talked about
like the rest video as well aware and
the telegraphing helps you take down
your crowd control a boss for example
because bosses aren't immune to crowd
control like they are in other MMOs what
happens is people have people and bosses
have crowd control armor basically we're
basically you can you can resist three
attempts at crowd control upon you and
which then that shield with charges
right area a short amount of time and
but if on the fourth one for example you
would then be crowd control and you'd be
stoned or we'd lose your weapon or
whatever the crowd control was but on
the other side of that you can use that
on buses as well as our boss will have a
a crowd control can you shield book
coordinating your crowd control and in a
group on the boss will build you know
you'll be able to then days or stunning
him at a certain time which is useful
for getting out certain attacks out
cover to imagine yeah so all in all I
mean it's it's a lot more complex than
it initially looks I guess the
telegraphing system yes well it's very
simple but it gets a lot more yeah and
it's walking that fine line isn't it
really between you know making a system
that makes the combat system you know
simple and intuitive yet have depth and
just making it a complete face roll yes
exactly so the question is does you know
do you think that it's going to work out
or what what your what do you think
about the the implementation of that
system do you think it's a good thing a
bad thing you the viewer let us know
your thoughts about telegraphing in
wildstar and how you hope it pans out in
the actual final game so yeah thanks
again everyone for watching and stay
tuned for more wildstar theme discussion
it's a kind of prime focus at the moment
on the fluffy gaming channel don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't done
so already to receive updates about our
future videos thanks very much for
watching guys and we will see you again
next time
goodbye
hey